# D02-00_0019-3.9.0-Announcement (Snippet)

{is-library="true"}

<snippet id="D02-00_0019-3.9.0-Announcement_snippet">

Here's a brief look at what's included in this release:

**Scheduling of Maintenance Windows**. 
We’re enhancing the Scheduling application with a new feature to support change and freeze periods, allowing organisations to restrict the execution of automations during critical business times. This functionality enables users to disable automations within a configurable, repeatable time frame to minimise disruptions. However, automations with specified tags will be exempt and continue to run. This improvement helps streamline operations.

**HTTP requests initiated by automations through the MID-server platform.**
We have improved the platform’s automation capabilities by supporting HTTP Actions built on our MID-server platform, Automations Lite. This will eliminate the need to use the platform’s integration framework for executing on-prem HTTP requests such as RESTful API calls.

**Conversion of legacy Automation Matchers**. 
To ensure seamless transitions and future-proof automations, we now support converting legacy Automation Matchers (pre-version 3). This update simplifies migration efforts and ensures compatibility with modern features.

**Export and Import of Automation Matchers**. 
Users can export and import Automation Matchers using the Content Pack Engine. This functionality enhances collaboration and efficiency, allowing easy sharing and migrating matchers between instances.

**Retry Count and Timer in Connection Engine**. 
We have added a retry count and retry timer to the Connection Engine for enhanced backwards automation compatibility. This improvement improves control and reliability in connection retries, ensuring a more robust automation experience. In the next release cycle, we will add a retry count and timer to the HTTP request Action.

</snippet>