# D02-00_0010-3.2.0-Announcement (Snippet)

{is-library="true"}

<snippet id="D02-00_0012-3.2.0-Announcement_snippet">

Version 3.2.0 is the first General Availability release of Amelia Autonomics deemed ready for public consumption. Here's a brief look at what's included in this release, along with the key features from versions 3.0.0 and 3.1.0 released earlier this year:

* Automate with AI, powered by the latest OpenAI models and proprietary technologies, and generate automation swiftly and automatically from customers’ knowledge articles and standard operating procedures stored in Autonomics or brought in by native integrations with Atlassian Confluence and ServiceNow. Optionally, with our new integration with Azure OpenAI, customers get the security capabilities of Microsoft Azure while running the same models as OpenAI.
* With Resolve with AI as their co-pilot, IT operations personnel can efficiently navigate and remediate incidents while exploring automation opportunities with the platform. Leveraging standard operating procedures, OpenAI models, and in-house technologies, Resolve with AI suggests and performs the steps needed to triage and remediate the issue, calculating each suggestion's impact and potential risk. It can optionally generate automation for future process improvements, leveraging our Automate with AI engine.
* With Summarise with AI, engineers are reliably and consistently provided accurate summaries. It ensures no important details are overlooked, giving engineers the confidence to tackle any issue. Correct and consistent summaries help engineers make better-informed decisions by providing essential information at a glance when no automation is available to handle the task.
* The Task Interface is updated. When integrated with either OpenAI or Azure AI, the new generative AI functionality is available as a new tab when viewing tasks. It is designed to streamline engineer’s workflow and improve efficiency. The modern, intuitive design ensures a seamless user experience, allowing you to manage and resolve tickets faster and more effectively than ever before.
* By embedding Automate with AI and Resolve with AI in ServiceNow’s GUI, engineers and automation developers can quickly trigger respective functions directly from the ServiceNow user interface, leveraging the new native integrations.
* Native Integrations include integrations with OpenAI, Azure OpenAI, Office 365 Mail, Atlassian Confluence, Zabbix, and the new ServiceNow (Incidents and Knowledge Articles). Integrations are made natively and quickly without requiring the Amelia Orchestrator, the Amelia Integration Framework, or developer skills. This new way of making integrations will be the foundation for the next set of integrations coming to the platform.
* Webhooks provide immediate notifications when an event occurs, ensuring that the application receives updates as soon as they happen and stays in sync in real-time. This is crucial for applications that require up-to-date information. Webhooks support in AMELIA Autonomics liberates developers from the need to write complex polling mechanisms, making event integration straightforward.

</snippet>