# D02-00_0020-3.10.0-Announcement (Snippet)

{is-library="true"}

<snippet id="D02-00_0020-3.10.0-Announcement_snippet">

Here's a brief look at what's included in this release:

**Automations – Configurable Retry Mechanism for HTTP Requests**
We’ve introduced a configurable retry mechanism for the HTTP Request State in the Automation Engine, enhancing the reliability of automations. Users can now configure retry count, retry timer, and request timeout to handle transient errors more effectively. Implementing delay strategies, including exponential backoff between retries, ensures robust automation.

It is available in Settings under the Automations menu and the Automation Workspace. It allows administrators and automation developers to set default values or override retry settings for HTTP requests.

**Automations – Experimental Support for Python Scripting***
We are enabling experimental support for Python in our Automation Engine. This feature will allow users to write and execute Python scripts alongside JavaScript, extending flexibility beyond the currently supported languages. Users can seamlessly integrate Python code into their automations and mix it with JavaScript, opening up new possibilities for data manipulation and custom logic execution.

Based on the current roadmap, experimental support for Python will be expanded to full production support in Q2 2025, including additional capabilities to enhance performance and functionality.

**Generative AI - Customisable AI Summarisation**
This release introduces a new configurable setting that controls the behaviour of the Summarize with AI feature. It is available in Settings under the Tasks menu. The setting gives users enhanced flexibility and control over AI-generated task summaries in three modes: Off, On (Manual), and On (Automatic).

**Scheduling Enhancements - Flexible End-of-Month Event Scheduling**
This new feature allows automations and tasks to be scheduled on the last day of the month or the last occurrence of a specific weekday of the month, such as the last Friday. Additionally, scheduling tasks on the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc., weekday of the month is possible. This provides consistency and flexibility, helping organisations align activities with critical timeframes and ensuring better planning.

*This is currently only available through the Autonomics Early Adopters Program (EAP)

</snippet>