# D02-00_0015-3.5.0-Announcement (Snippet)

{is-library="true"}

<snippet id="D02-00_0015-3.5.0-Announcement_snippet">


Here's a brief look at what's included in this release:Preserving Client Selection across the platform:

* **Preserving Client Selection across the platform:** By preserving client selection across different Amelia Autonomics modules, the platform enhances users' efficiency and usability, allowing them to focus on their tasks without unnecessary interruptions. The platform now retains a selected client across different Amelia Autonomics modules, ensuring users do not need to reselect the client when switching between modules.
* **Automatic generation and upload of Knowledge Articles in ServiceNow:** This new feature enhances the existing ServiceNow (SNOW) integration by allowing users to upload generated Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) directly to SNOW.

  This feature leverages our existing SNOW integration and facilitates a streamlined process for users to document and share their work efficiently. The primary goal is to improve knowledge management, reduce redundant work, and enhance the overall productivity of support teams.
* **Native Webhook support for Performance Metrics:** Configuring Amelia Autonomics to receive performance metrics through a webhook is now just a few clicks away. It is a breeze to configure and use. This improvement aligns with our objective of limiting our dependency on Apache Camel for integration.
* **Native Google Mail Integration:** Based on a critical customer request, we have added a new native integration with Google’s Gmail Service. This is an excellent enhancement and gives our customers the choice of using Microsoft and Google Mail Services.
* **Incoming and outgoing mail filtering:** As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance Amelia Autonomics integration with mail services, we’ve introduced advanced filtering capabilities for incoming and outgoing emails. This is essential for streamlining communication, processing only relevant emails, and minimising unnecessary email traffic.
* **NPS Compatible Surveys Ratings:** Customer feedback is essential, and we have enhanced the platform’s survey engine to support NPS-compatible ratings of the services delivered. We retain backward compatibility with the previous implementation, which is configurable per client.
* **Removal of Knowledge Articles:** Amelia Autonomics offers a seamless solution for importing knowledge articles from various external sources, allowing you to keep the content in the platform current effortlessly.
  We understand that not all integrations last forever. When an administrator decides to remove an integration that has been importing knowledge articles, it's vital to ensure that the content in your knowledge base aligns with your organizational needs. This feature request introduces the ability to choose whether imported knowledge articles should be retained or automatically removed when the associated integration is deleted.
* **Allow and deny listing of commands:** This new feature allows users to manage a list of shell commands that are either allowed and executed without user approval or prohibited from being executed by the system. Users can review, create, remove, disable, or enable these allowed or prohibited commands.

</snippet>