# D02-00_0017-3.7.0-Announcement (Snippet)

{is-library="true"}

<snippet id="D02-00_0017-3.7.0-Announcement_snippet">

Here's a brief look at what's included in this release:

**Multi-Tenant Tag Management**: We're excited to introduce a new Tag Management Interface in Amelia Autonomics. This major update provides a user-friendly, centralized location within the platform to manage tags across all modules effectively. It enables users to categorize, sort, and filter your tags quickly. With this new feature, you can now:

* View all your tags in one place.
* Create new tags to suit your categorization needs.
* Rename existing tags to correct and harmonize tag names.
* Merge similar tags for cleaner, more streamlined management of tags.
* Delete tags that are no longer needed.

This client-specific functionality ensures that your tags are relevant only to your organisation rather than being globally shared. The new interface makes it easy to organise your tags and offers greater flexibility and control over your use of tags.

**Native Prometheus Integration**: This release introduces our Native Prometheus Integration, crafted to enhance Amelia Autonomics through effortless monitoring, meaningful metrics, and insightful actions. By harnessing the complete capabilities of Prometheus, this integration facilitates comprehensive monitoring and comprehension of the platform's performance, health, and various external sources.

In addition to these key features, we have introduced a range of enhancements and improvements to our platform. Almost 70 bugs and tasks have been identified, fixed, and resolved in this version. All to ensure a comprehensive and powerful application.

</snippet>