# Announcing the Autonomics 3.0.0 Release

## Introduction

Greetings!

I'm excited to share that the next generation (version 3.0.0) of our Amelia Autonomics product has been internally launched, with a customer roll-out soon to follow (details below).

This release represents the collective effort and commitment, drawing on our over 25 years of heritage and innovation in the automation of IT Operations workflows. It is now enhanced with robust Generative AI features and new native integrations (Phase I) for seamless integration options.

A big thank you to everyone on the Amelia Autonomics team for their relentless dedication, hard work through countless late nights, and teamwork, which has been pivotal in achieving this milestone.

## What You'll Learn

In this topic you'll learn about:

* [Key features in this release](#Key).

* [Additional features in this release](#Addition).

##Key Features in this Release {% #Key %}

{% include from="D02-00_0010-3.0.0-Announcement.md" element-id="D02-00_0010-3.0.0-Announcement_snippet" /%}

##Additional Features in this Release {% #Addition %}

This release offers additional new capabilities including but not limited to:

* **Native Integrations Phase I**: Integrations with e.g. OpenAI, Confluence and Zabbix are made natively and quickly without requiring the Amelia Orchestrator, the Amelia Integration Framework, or developer skills. This new way of making integrations will be the foundation for the next set of integrations coming to the platform, starting with ServiceNow.

* **Portable & Reusable Automations**: The Automata Engine has been split into a matching and an execution engine, where several matchers may be constructed for the same automation. Different matchers e.g. ServiceNow, ZenDesk, and BMC, may trigger the same automation, making the automations truly portable and reusable.

* **Updated Correlation Engine**: The Correlation Engine backend remains, but the user interface has been re-implemented. This allows the user to define rich rules similar to how Big Panda does it without requiring knowledge of Esper syntax.

* **Renamed Modules**: All modules in Amelia Autonomics have been renamed after their purpose and no longer refer to their old IP-prefixed naming standard.

## More Resources

For more information, see:

{% include from="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks.md" element-id="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks_snippet" /%}

