

# Announcing the Autonomics 3.1.0 Release

## Introduction

Greetings!

I'm excited to share that our Amelia Autonomics product's next update (version 3.1.0) has been internally launched.

This release provides additional functionalities leveraging generative AI, including, but not limited to, triggering Automate with AI and Resolve with AI from within the ServiceNow user interface.

Thank you to everyone on the Amelia Autonomics team for making this happen.

## What You'll Learn

In this topic you'll learn about:

* [Key features in this release](#Key).

* [Additional features in this release](#Addition).

##Key Features in this Release {% #Key %}

{% include from="D02-00_0011-3.1.0-Announcement.md" element-id="D02-00_0011-3.1.0-Announcement_snippet" /%}

##Additional Features in this Release {% #Addition %}

This release offers additional new capabilities including but not limited to:

* GPT-4o: Support for Generative Pre-trained Transformer 4 Omni has been added.

* Generative AI: The new release introduces command whitelisting, a powerful feature designed to enhance security and control. It allows the engine to mark a specific command as safe to execute while using the Resolve with AI functionality. Intelligent log files support and improvement to command output extraction.

* Native Integrations Phase II: Amelia Autonomics has been enhanced with pre-built and native integration with Microsoft Office 365 Mail. Armed with the correct configuration parameters and credentials, an Amelia Autonomics admin may establish integration with Office 365 in a few minutes.

## More Resources


For more information, see:

{% include from="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks.md" element-id="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks_snippet" /%}

