# Announcing the Autonomics 3.2.0 Release

## Introduction

Greetings!

I'm thrilled to announce that after 13 months and two successful pre-releases, the sixth and next generation of our autonomic automation platform -- Amelia Autonomics version 3 -- Is ready for general availability! This milestone marks a significant achievement in our journey, and I couldn't be more excited to share it with our existing and new customers.

This accomplishment wouldn't have been possible without our incredible team's dedication and hard work. I want to thank our Autonomics engineering and UX/UI teams for their unwavering commitment and innovative attitude. Their expertise and tireless efforts have been instrumental in bringing this vision to life. We also want to acknowledge everyone else who contributed to this project, from concept to completion.

## What You'll Learn

In this topic you'll learn about:

* [Key features in this release](#Key).

* [Additional features in this release](#Addition).

##Key Features in this Release {% #Key %}

{% include from="D02-00_0012-3.2.0-Announcement.md" element-id="D02-00_0012-3.2.0-Announcement_snippet" /%}

##Additional Features in this Release {% #Addition %}

In addition to these key features, we have introduced a wide range of enhancements and improvements to our platform. Almost 200 bugs have been identified and fixed. All to ensure a comprehensive and powerful application.

## More Resources


For more information, see:

{% include from="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks.md" element-id="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks_snippet" /%}

