# Announcing the Autonomics 3.5.0 Release

## Introduction

Greetings!

Since the holiday season ended, we've been working to enhance the Amelia Autonomics platform. Our team has focused entirely on implementing new features, refining user experiences, and optimising performance to better serve our customers. We're excited about the improvements, and I'm pleased to announce the availability of Amelia Autonomics version 3.5.0, which brings the platform a variety of new functionality.

For those of you who are keeping up with our updates, you might be wondering about Amelia Autonomics version 3.4.0. It was primarily a maintenance release, focused on behind-the-scenes improvements rather than introducing major new features.

## What You'll Learn

In this topic you'll learn about:

* [Key features in this release](#Key).

* [Additional features in this release](#Addition).

##Key Features in this Release {% #Key %}

{% include from="D02-00_0015-3.5.0-Announcement.md" element-id="D02-00_0015-3.5.0-Announcement_snippet" /%}

##Additional Features in this Release {% #Addition %}

In addition to these key features, we have introduced a range of enhancements and improvements to our platform. In versions 3.4.0 (an internal maintenance release) and 3.5.0, almost 90 bugs have been identified and fixed. All to ensure a comprehensive and powerful application.

## More Resources

For more information, see:

{% include from="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks.md" element-id="D02-00_0005-WhatsNewMoreLinks_snippet" /%}

